[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[informacam-guide.about]
file_filter = <lang>/About.txt
source_file = en/About.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter1]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter1.txt
source_file = en/chapter1.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter2]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter2.txt
source_file = en/chapter2.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter3]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter3.txt
source_file = en/chapter3.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter4]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter4.txt
source_file = en/chapter4.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter5]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter5.txt
source_file = en/chapter5.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter6]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter6.txt
source_file = en/chapter6.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter7]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter7.txt
source_file = en/chapter7.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter8]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter8.txt
source_file = en/chapter8.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter9]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter9.txt
source_file = en/chapter9.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter10]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter10.txt
source_file = en/chapter10.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

[informacam-guide.chapter11]
file_filter = <lang>/chapter11.txt
source_file = en/chapter11.txt
source_lang = en
type = TXT

